Add integration tile for Mendix (#1767)
DataDog/integrations-extras: mendix/README.md

# Mendix

## Overview

> [Mendix][1] is a [low-code IDE][2] for professional developers. A powerful visual model-driven development environment to build apps on the Mendix Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Mendix][1] is a [low-code IDE][2] and visual model-driven development environment that developers can use to build apps on the Mendix Platform.
```

> With Mendix, you can easily create, change, integrate, test and deploy your applications. Moreover, you can manage branch lines and security as well as extend your app with custom code using the built-in editors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Mendix, you can create, change, integrate, test, and deploy your applications. You can manage branch lines and security as well as extend your app with custom code by using the built-in editor.
```

Author: Thanks, I've fixed it.

> [This integration][3] allows you to monitor your Mendix ecosystem, including Mendix Runtime metrics, Java Virtual Machine (JVM) metrics, database, SaaS(Software as a Service) environment metrics. Customize the metrics you send to Datadog in Mendix Studio Pro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The Mendix integration][3] allows you to monitor your Mendix ecosystem, including Mendix Runtime metrics, Java Virtual Machine (JVM) metrics, database, and SaaS (Software as a Service) environment metrics. Customize the metrics you send to Datadog in Mendix Studio Pro.
```

Author: Thanks, I've fixed it.

> **Note**: This integration is applicable to Mendix Cloud & Mendix Cloud Dedicated deployment models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This integration is applicable to Mendix Cloud and Mendix Cloud Dedicated deployment models.
```

## Setup

> To enable the Datadog integration for Mendix applications running on Mendix cloud follow the instructions [here][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the Datadog integration for Mendix applications running on Mendix Cloud, see the [Mendix setup documentation][5].
```

## Data Collected

> The list of metrics available for monitoring once the integration is enabled is detailed in the [Mendix documentation][6].
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Metrics

For a list of metrics available once the integration is enabled, see the [official Mendix documentation][6].

### Events

The Mendix integration does not include any events.

### Service Checks

The Mendix integration does not include any service checks.

```

Author: Thanks, I've fixed it

> ## Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting
```

Author: Fixed

# Mendix

## Overview

> [Mendix][1] is a market [leading low-code IDE][2] for professional developers. A powerful visual model-driven development environment to build apps on the Mendix Platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Mendix][1] is a [low-code IDE][2] for professional developers. A powerful visual model-driven development environment to build apps on the Mendix Platform.
```

Removing marketing forward copy

Author: I've fixed the text

> [Mendix][1] is a market [leading low-code IDE][2] for professional developers. A powerful visual model-driven development environment to build apps on the Mendix Platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Mendix][1] is a [low-code IDE][2] for professional developers. A powerful visual model-driven development environment to build apps on the Mendix Platform.
```

Reviewer 2: Please remove marketing forward language.

Reviewer 2: Apologies, ignore this comment. I was looking at an old version of the PR.

With Mendix, you can easily create, change, integrate, test and deploy your applications. Moreover, you can manage branch lines and security as well as extend your app with custom code using the built-in editors.

> In addition to the native monitoring capabilities out of the box, Mendix also supports integrations to leading 3rd party application performance management vendors such as DataDog. Refer to our documentation to see all our [supported integrations][3].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: This is not necessary since customers looking at this information already know an integration exists. Please remove this or reword it to 'Refer to [our documentation][3] for more information about monitoring Mendix with APM tools'.

> The Mendix integration with DataDog enables you to consume and monitor your Mendix ecosystem. The [DataDog integration][4] from Mendix will enable you to monitor
> Mendix Runtime metrics, Java Virtual Machine (JVM) metrics, database, SaaS(Software as a Service) environment metrics and any custom metrics you choose to
> configure in Mendix Studio Pro.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[This integration][4] allows you to monitor your Mendix ecosystem, including Mendix Runtime metrics, Java Virtual Machine (JVM) metrics, database, SaaS(Software as a Service) environment metrics. Customize the metrics you send to Datadog in Mendix Studio Pro.
```

Reviewer 2: Please add in this change for clarity. There's a lot of repetition in the previous version.

> > **Note**:  This integration is applicable to Mendix Cloud & Mendix Cloud Dedicated deployment models.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: This integration is applicable to Mendix Cloud & Mendix Cloud Dedicated deployment models.
```

## Setup

> To enable the DataDog integration for Mendix applications running on Mendix cloud follow the instructions [here][6].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable the Datadog integration for Mendix applications running on Mendix cloud follow the instructions [here][6].
```

Reviewer 2: Please address this comment. Datadog should be spelt with only one uppercase D rather than two.

## Data Collected

> The list of metrics available for monitoring once the integration is enabled is detailed in the [Mendix documentation][7].

Reviewer 2: If you're sending in metrics, you should include the metadata.csv file that lists the metrics being sent in.

For more info, refer [here](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/check_references/#metrics-metadata-file).

Reviewer 2: @pappachino Unfortunately, there isn't a way to export a list of metrics with their descriptions.

Reviewer 2: If you include a list of metrics, we display it on our documentation site so customers can see a list of them on the same page and know what to expect. See an example under the 'Data Collected' section [here](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/1e/).

Author: Thanks, @eho1307. I've dropped a metadata.csv file with all the generic metrics available from the Mendix integration.
We won't be able to list all of them, as the metric availability might vary from Mendix app to app.

## Support

Need help? Contact [Mendix support][5].

[1]: https://mendix.com/
[2]: https://www.mendix.com/blog/a-low-code-leader-composing-the-modern-enterprise-with-mendix/

> [3]: https://docs.mendix.com/developerportal/operate/monitoring-with-apm/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 3: @EH - Is there a reason to remove this link? We would prefer to keep it as it provides an overview of how the integration works with Mendix overall

Reviewer 3: cc - @pappachino

Author: @eho1307 We would like to keep the referenced link as it provides a generic starting point for all APMs including Datadog. I've updated the README accordingly.

# Mendix

## Overview

> [Mendix][1] is a [low-code IDE][2] and a visual model-driven development environment that developers can use to build apps on the Mendix Platform.
> 
> With Mendix, you can easily create, change, integrate, test, and deploy your applications. You can manage branch lines and security as well as extend your app with custom code by using the built-in editors.
> 
> [The Mendix integration][3] allows you to monitor your Mendix ecosystem, including Mendix Runtime metrics, Java Virtual Machine (JVM) metrics, database, SaaS(Software as a Service) environment metrics. Customize the metrics you send to Datadog in Mendix Studio Pro.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[Mendix][1] is a [low-code IDE][2] and a visual model-driven development environment that developers can use to build apps on the Mendix Platform. With Mendix, you can easily create, change, integrate, test, and deploy your applications. You can manage branch lines and security as well as extend your app with custom code by using the built-in editors.

[The Mendix integration][3] allows you to monitor your Mendix ecosystem, including Mendix Runtime metrics, Java Virtual Machine (JVM) metrics, database, and SaaS(Software as a Service) environment metrics. You can customize the metrics you send to Datadog in Mendix Studio Pro.
```

Reviewer 4: Can you provide insight on the value of monitoring the metrics?

**Note**: This integration is applicable to Mendix Cloud and Mendix Cloud Dedicated deployment models.

> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

# Mendix

## Overview

> [Mendix][1] is a [low-code IDE][2] and a visual model-driven development
> environment that developers can use to build apps on the Mendix Platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Mendix][1] is a [low-code IDE][2] and a visual model-driven development environment that developers can use to build apps on the Mendix Platform.
```

> With Mendix, you can easily create, change, integrate, test, and deploy your
> applications. You can manage branch lines and security as well as extend your
> app with custom code by using the built-in editors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With Mendix, you can easily create, change, integrate, test, and deploy your applications. You can manage branch lines and security as well as extend your app with custom code by using the built-in editors.
```
